Oracle Technology Network Developer License Agreement

Oracle Solaris, Oracle Solaris Cluster and Oracle Solaris Express

EXPORT CONTROLS
Selecting the "Accept License Agreement" button is a confirmation
of your agreement that you comply, now and during the trial term
(if applicable), with each of the following statements:

-You are not a citizen, national, or resident of, and are not under
control of, the government of Cuba, Iran, Sudan, North Korea, Syria,
or any country to which the United States has prohibited export.

-You will not download or otherwise export or re-export the Programs
(as defined below), directly or indirectly, to the above mentioned
countries or to citizens, nationals or residents of those countries.

-You are not listed on the United States Department of Treasury lists
of Specially Designated Nationals, Specially Designated Terrorists,
and Specially Designated Narcotic Traffickers, nor are you listed on
the United States Department of Commerce Table of Denial Orders.

You will not download or otherwise export or re-export the Programs,
directly or indirectly, to persons on the above mentioned lists.

You will not use the Programs for, and will not allow the Programs to
be used for, any purposes prohibited by United States law, including,
without limitation, for the development, design, manufacture or
production of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons of mass
destruction.

EXPORT RESTRICTIONS
You agree that U.S. export control laws and other applicable export
and import laws govern your use of the Programs, including technical
data; additional information can be found on Oracle's Global Trade
Compliance web site (http://www.oracle.com/products/export).

You agree that neither the Programs nor any direct product thereof
will be exported, directly, or indirectly, in violation of these
laws, or will be used for any purpose prohibited by these laws
including, without limitation, nuclear, chemical, or biological
weapons proliferation.

Oracle Employees: Under no circumstances are Oracle Employees
authorized to download software for the purpose of distributing it to
customers. Oracle products are available to employees for internal
use or demonstration purposes only. In keeping with Oracle's trade
compliance obligations under U.S. and applicable multilateral law,
failure to comply with this policy could result in disciplinary action
up to and including termination.

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING LICENSE AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR USING THE PROGRAMS.
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONSTITUTE A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU
AND ORACLE.

Oracle Technology Network Development License Agreement
"We," "us," and "our" refers to Oracle America, Inc., for and on
behalf of itself and its subsidiaries and affiliates under common
control. "You" and "your" refers to the individual or entity that
wishes to use the Programs. "Programs" refers to Oracle Solaris,
Oracle Solaris Cluster and/or Oracle Solaris Express that you download
from this site (including, any updates and/or additional software
packages that you may receive in the future from the product's
package repository) and related program documentation. "License"
refers to your right to use the Programs under the terms of this
agreement. This agreement is governed by California law, except
for that body of laws related to the conflict of laws. You agree to
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in, the courts of
San Francisco or Santa Clara counties in California in any dispute
arising out of or relating to this agreement.

In order to use the Programs, You must first agree to this License
Agreement by selecting the "Accept License Agreement" button below. If
You do not or cannot agree to this License Agreement, You are not
permitted to download or use the Programs.

LICENSE RIGHTS
Except for any included software package or file that is licensed to
you by Oracle under different license terms, we grant you a perpetual
(unless terminated as provided in this agreement), nonexclusive,
nontransferable, limited License to use the Programs only for the
purpose of developing, testing, prototyping and demonstrating your
applications, and not for any other purpose.

All rights not expressly granted above are hereby reserved.  If you
want to use the Programs for any purpose other than as permitted
under this agreement, including but not limited to distribution of the
Programs or any use of the Programs for your internal business purposes
(other than developing, testing, prototyping and demonstrating your
applications) or for any commercial production purposes, you must
obtain a valid license permitting such use. We may audit your use of
the Programs.   Program documentation, if available, may be accessed
online at http://otn.oracle.com/docs.

Third-Party Technology.  The Programs may contain or be distributed
with certain third-party technology. Oracle may provide certain notices
related to such third-party technology in the program documentation,
or in readme or notice files provided with the Programs.

Third party technology will be licensed to you either under the terms
of this agreement, or, if specified in the program documentation,
readme files or otherwise in writing, under separate license
terms ("Separate Terms") and not under the terms of this agreement
("Separately Licensed Third Party Technology"). Licensee's rights to
use such Separately Licensed Third Party Technology under the Separate
Terms are not restricted or modified in any way by this Agreement.

Information Collection and Registration
Configuration Data and Registration:  The Programs may communicate
configuration data to Oracle. You can register your version of
the Programs to capture this data for your use, or the data is
sent anonymously.  For information about what configuration data is
communicated and how to control this facility, refer to the release
notes or www.oracle.com/goto/solarisautoreg.

Ownership and Restrictions
We retain all ownership and intellectual property rights in the
Programs. The Programs may be installed on one computer only, and
used by one person in the hardware environment identified by us. You
may make one copy of the Programs for backup purposes.

You may not:
- use the Programs for your own internal business purposes (other than
developing, testing, prototyping and demonstrating your applications)
or for any commercial or production purposes;

- remove or modify any program markings or any notice of our
proprietary rights;

- make the Programs available in any manner to any third party;

- use the Programs to provide third-party training;

- assign this agreement or give or transfer the Programs or an interest
in them to another individual or entity;

- cause or permit reverse engineering (unless required by law for
interoperability), disassembly or decompilation of the Programs;

- disclose results of any benchmark test results related to the
Programs without our prior consent.

Export
You agree that U.S. export control laws and other applicable
export and import laws govern your use of the Programs,
including technical data; additional information can be
found on Oracle's Global Trade Compliance web site located at
http://www.oracle.com/products/export/index.html?content.html. You
agree that neither the Programs nor any direct product thereof will be
exported, directly, or indirectly, in violation of these laws, or will
be used for any purpose prohibited by these laws including, without
limitation, nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons proliferation.

Disclaimer of Warranty and Exclusive Remedies
THE PROGRAMS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WE
FURTHER DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT.

IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS,
REVENUE, DATA OR DATA USE, INCURRED BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR TORT, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. OUR ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES
HEREUNDER SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS (U.S. $1,000).

Additional Trial Programs
We may include additional trial programs with your download of the
Programs licensed under this agreement. You will have 30 days from
the delivery date to evaluate these additional trial programs. Any
use of these trial programs after the 30-day trial period requires
you to obtain the applicable license.  Any additional trial programs
are provided "as is" and we do not provide technical support or any
warranties for these programs.

No Technical Support
Our technical support organization will not provide technical support,
phone support, or updates to you for the Programs licensed under
this agreement.

End of Agreement
You may terminate this agreement by destroying all copies of the
Programs. We have the right to terminate your right to use the Programs
if you fail to comply with any of the terms of this agreement, in
which case you shall destroy all copies of the Programs.

Relationship Between the Parties
The relationship between you and us is that of
licensee/licensor. Neither party will represent that it has any
authority to assume or create any obligation, express or implied,
on behalf of the other party, nor to represent the other party as
agent, employee, franchisee, or in any other capacity. Nothing in
this agreement shall be construed to limit either party's right to
independently develop or distribute software that is functionally
similar to the other party's products, so long as proprietary
information of the other party is not included in such software.

Open Source Software
"Open Source" software - software available without charge for
use, modification and distribution - is often licensed under terms
that require the user to make the user's modifications to the Open
Source software or any software that the user 'combines' with the
Open Source software freely available in source code form. If you use
Open Source software in conjunction with the Programs (or if you plan
on licensing your own application under an Open Source license), you
must ensure that your use does not: (i) create, or purport to create,
obligations with respect to the Oracle Programs; or (ii) grant,
or purport to grant, to any third party any rights to or immunities
under our intellectual property or proprietary rights in the Oracle
Programs.  For example, you may not develop a software program using
an Oracle program and an Open Source program where such use results
in a program file(s) that contains code from both the Oracle program
and the Open Source program (including without limitation libraries)
if the Open Source program is licensed under a license that requires
any "modifications" be made freely available. You also may not combine
the Oracle program with programs licensed under the GNU General Public
License ("GPL") in any manner that could cause, or could be interpreted
or asserted to cause, the Oracle program or any modifications thereto
to become subject to the terms of the GPL.

Entire Agreement
You agree that this agreement is the complete agreement for the
Programs and licenses, and this agreement supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous agreements or representations, including any and
all clickwrap, shrinkwrap or similar licenses.  If any term of this
agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining
provisions will remain effective.

Last updated: 08/12/10

Should you have any questions concerning this License Agreement,
or if you desire to contact Oracle for any reason, please write:

Oracle America, Inc.
500 Oracle Parkway,
Redwood City, CA 94065

Oracle may contact you to ask if you had a satisfactory experience
installing and using this OTN software download.
